# Request for Information (RFI) - Modernization of the Safe Drinking Water Information System (SDWIS Mod) 
The purpose of this Request for Information (RFI) is to identify contractors who can meet the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) basic requirements in this RFI for Modernization of the Safe Drinking Water Information System (SDWIS Mod). 
This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes - it does not constitute a Request for Quote (RFQ) or a promise to issue an RFQ in the future. The information provided in the RFI is subject to change and is not binding. This RFI does not commit the EPA to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. Further, EPA is not at this time seeking proposals and will not accept unsolicited proposals. Potential offerors are advised that the EPA will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this RFI; all costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested party's expense. If an RFQ is released, it will be synopsized on the appropriate government point of entry. It is the responsibility of the potential offerors to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this requirement. All submissions become EPA property and will not be returned. Submission information will be shared and reviewed by parties outside of the U.S. EPA, specifically representatives from State and Tribal environmental/health agencies, State and Tribal information technology agencies/departments, and associations that represent these agencies. 

This repository includes reference documents identified in the "Additional Resources" section of the RFI

# EPA Disclaimer 
Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by EPA. The EPA seal and logo shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by EPA or the United States Government.
